Adjust language, grammar, and small mistakes (#19)
NETWAYS/foreman-training: advanced/04_cli.md

> ### Create the new Operatingsystem entry for "CentOS Stream 9"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create the new Operating system entry for "CentOS Stream 9"
```
If that was one word because its a directive it would have been lower case I think.
